---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "crusoe_compute_instance_groups Data Source - terraform-provider-crusoe"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  This feature is currently in development. Reach out to support@crusoecloud.com with any questions.
  Fetches a list of instance groups within a project.
---

# crusoe_compute_instance_groups (Data Source)

This feature is currently in development. Reach out to support@crusoecloud.com with any questions.

Fetches a list of instance groups within a project.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "crusoe_compute_instance_groups" "example" {}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `project_id` (String) ID of the project that owns the instance group. If not specified, the project ID will be inferred from the Crusoe configuration.

### Read-Only

- `instance_groups` (Attributes List) List of instance groups in the project. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--instance_groups))

<a id="nestedatt--instance_groups"></a>
### Nested Schema for `instance_groups`

Read-Only:

- `active_instance_ids` (List of String) List of IDs of running instances in the instance group.
- `created_at` (String) Creation timestamp of the instance group, in RFC3339 format.
- `desired_count` (Number) Desired number of instances for the instance group.
- `id` (String) ID of the instance group.
- `inactive_instance_ids` (List of String) List of IDs of non-running instances in the instance group.
- `instance_template_id` (String) ID of the instance template currently associated with the instance group.
- `name` (String) Name of the instance group.
- `project_id` (String) ID of the project that owns the instance group. If not specified, the project ID will be inferred from the Crusoe configuration.
- `running_instance_count` (Number) Number of running instances currently in the instance group.
- `state` (String) Current state of the instance group. Possible values: `HEALTHY` (matches desired count), `UPDATING` (scaling in progress), `UNHEALTHY` (cannot reach desired count).
- `updated_at` (String) Last update timestamp of the instance group, in RFC3339 format.
