---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "crusoe_compute_instance Data Source - terraform-provider-crusoe"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# crusoe_compute_instance (Data Source)



## Example Usage

```terraform
data "crusoe_compute_instance" "example" {
  id = "my-instance-id"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `id` (String) ID of the VM.

### Optional

- `name` (String) Name of the VM.
- `nvlink_domain_id` (String) ID of the NVLink domain the VM belongs to, if any.
- `project_id` (String) ID of the project that owns the VM. If not specified, the project ID will be inferred from the Crusoe configuration.
- `reservation_id` (String) ID of the reservation to which the VM belongs. If not provided or null, the lowest-cost reservation will be used by default. To opt out of using a reservation, set this to an empty string.

### Read-Only

- `disks` (Attributes List) Disks attached to the VM. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--disks))
- `network_interfaces` (Attributes List) Network interfaces attached to the VM. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--network_interfaces))
- `type` (String) Product name of the VM type.

<a id="nestedatt--disks"></a>
### Nested Schema for `disks`

Read-Only:

- `attachment_type` (String) Role the disk plays for the VM. Possible values: `os`, `data`.
- `id` (String) ID of the disk to attach.
- `mode` (String) Access mode to attach the disk with. Possible values: `read-only`, `read-write`.


<a id="nestedatt--network_interfaces"></a>
### Nested Schema for `network_interfaces`

Read-Only:

- `id` (String) ID of the network interface.
- `interface_type` (String) Type of the network interface.
- `name` (String) Name of the network interface.
- `network` (String) ID of the VPC network the interface is attached to.
- `private_ipv4` (Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--network_interfaces--private_ipv4))
- `public_ipv4` (Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--network_interfaces--public_ipv4))
- `subnet` (String) ID of the VPC subnet the interface is attached to.

<a id="nestedatt--network_interfaces--private_ipv4"></a>
### Nested Schema for `network_interfaces.private_ipv4`

Read-Only:

- `address` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--network_interfaces--public_ipv4"></a>
### Nested Schema for `network_interfaces.public_ipv4`

Read-Only:

- `address` (String)
