---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "crusoe_instance_templates Data Source - terraform-provider-crusoe"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# crusoe_instance_templates (Data Source)



## Example Usage

```terraform
data "crusoe_instance_templates" "example" {}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `project_id` (String)

### Read-Only

- `instance_templates` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--instance_templates))

<a id="nestedatt--instance_templates"></a>
### Nested Schema for `instance_templates`

Optional:

- `image` (String) OS Image to use for all VMs created from this instance template.
- `location` (String) Location to use for all VMs created from this instance template. May be empty if we do not want to bind this template to a location.
- `nvlink_domain_id` (String) NVLink domain assigned to all VMs created from this instance template.
- `placement_policy` (String) Placement policy controlling how VMs created from this instance template are distributed across hosts. Possible values: `spread`, `unspecified`.
- `project_id` (String) ID of the project this instance template belongs to. If not specified, the project ID will be inferred from the Crusoe configuration.
- `public_ip_address_type` (String) Public IP address type to use for all VMs created from this instance template. Must either be `static` or `dynamic`.

Read-Only:

- `disks` (Attributes List) Disks attached to all VMs created from this instance template. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--instance_templates--disks))
- `ib_partition` (String)
- `id` (String) ID of the instance template.
- `name` (String) Name of the instance template. (This is not the name of the VMs created from this instance template.)
- `shutdown_script` (String) Shutdown script to use for all VMs created from this instance template.
- `ssh_key` (String) SSH public key to use for all VMs created from this instance template.
- `startup_script` (String) Startup script to use for all VMs created from this instance template.
- `subnet` (String) SubnetID to use for all VMs created from this instance template. Only used if template has a location.
- `type` (String) Product name of the VM type we want to create from this instance template.

<a id="nestedatt--instance_templates--disks"></a>
### Nested Schema for `instance_templates.disks`

Read-Only:

- `size` (String) Size of the disk, including a unit suffix.
- `type` (String) Type of disk to create. Possible values: `persistent-ssd`, `shared-volume`.
