---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "crusoe_kubernetes_cluster Data Source - terraform-provider-crusoe"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# crusoe_kubernetes_cluster (Data Source)



## Example Usage

```terraform
data "crusoe_kubernetes_cluster" "example" {
  id = "my-cluster-id"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `id` (String) ID of the Kubernetes cluster.

### Optional

- `add_ons` (List of String) Add-ons associated with the cluster.
- `cluster_cidr` (String) Range of IP addresses allocated to pods scheduled on worker nodes, in CIDR notation.
- `location` (String) Location of the Kubernetes cluster.
- `name` (String) Name of the Kubernetes cluster.
- `node_cidr_mask_size` (Number) Mask size for the cluster CIDR.
- `project_id` (String) ID of the project that owns the Kubernetes cluster. If not specified, the project ID will be inferred from the Crusoe configuration.
- `service_cluster_ip_range` (String) Range of IP addresses allocated to Kubernetes services, in CIDR notation.
- `subnet_id` (String) ID of the subnet the Kubernetes cluster belongs to.
- `version` (String) Version of the Crusoe Kubernetes image the cluster runs.

### Read-Only

- `apiserver_extra_args` (Map of String) Extra arguments passed to the kube-apiserver control plane component.
- `controller_manager_extra_args` (Map of String) Extra arguments passed to the kube-controller-manager control plane component.
- `dns_name` (String) DNS name of the cluster.
- `nodepool_ids` (List of String) IDs of the node pools within the Kubernetes cluster.
- `private` (Boolean) Whether the cluster is private (without a public IP).
- `scheduler_extra_args` (Map of String) Extra arguments passed to the kube-scheduler control plane component.
