---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "crusoe_load_balancer Data Source - terraform-provider-crusoe"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  This feature is currently in development. Reach out to support@crusoecloud.com with any questions.
---

# crusoe_load_balancer (Data Source)

This feature is currently in development. Reach out to support@crusoecloud.com with any questions.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "crusoe_load_balancer" "example" {}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `project_id` (String) ID of the project the load balancer belongs to. If not specified, the project ID will be inferred from the Crusoe configuration.

### Read-Only

- `load_balancers` (Attributes List) List of load balancers in the project. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--load_balancers))

<a id="nestedatt--load_balancers"></a>
### Nested Schema for `load_balancers`

Read-Only:

- `algorithm` (String) Load balancing algorithm used to distribute traffic across destinations (for example, `random`).
- `destinations` (Attributes List) Backend targets the load balancer forwards traffic to, given as CIDR blocks or resource IDs. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--load_balancers--destinations))
- `health_check` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--load_balancers--health_check))
- `id` (String) ID of the load balancer.
- `ips` (Attributes List) IP addresses assigned to the load balancer. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--load_balancers--ips))
- `location` (String) Location of the load balancer.
- `name` (String) Name of the load balancer.
- `network_interfaces` (Attributes List) Network interfaces the load balancer is attached to. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--load_balancers--network_interfaces))
- `protocols` (List of String) Network protocols the load balancer handles. Possible values: `tcp`, `udp`.
- `type` (String) Type of the load balancer (for example, `internal_ipv4`).

<a id="nestedatt--load_balancers--destinations"></a>
### Nested Schema for `load_balancers.destinations`

Read-Only:

- `cidr` (String) CIDR block, or an IP address that is converted to a CIDR. Mutually exclusive with resource_id.
- `resource_id` (String) ID of a backend resource. Mutually exclusive with cidr.


<a id="nestedatt--load_balancers--health_check"></a>
### Nested Schema for `load_balancers.health_check`

Read-Only:

- `failure_count` (String) Number of allowed failures before considering a backend unhealthy.
- `interval` (String) Interval between health checks, in seconds.
- `port` (String) Port on which to perform health checks.
- `success_count` (String) Number of successful checks required to consider a backend healthy.
- `timeout` (String) Timeout for a health check response, in seconds.


<a id="nestedatt--load_balancers--ips"></a>
### Nested Schema for `load_balancers.ips`

Optional:

- `public_ipv4` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--load_balancers--ips--public_ipv4))

Read-Only:

- `private_ipv4` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--load_balancers--ips--private_ipv4))

<a id="nestedatt--load_balancers--ips--public_ipv4"></a>
### Nested Schema for `load_balancers.ips.public_ipv4`

Read-Only:

- `address` (String) Public IPv4 address.


<a id="nestedatt--load_balancers--ips--private_ipv4"></a>
### Nested Schema for `load_balancers.ips.private_ipv4`

Read-Only:

- `address` (String) Private IPv4 address.



<a id="nestedatt--load_balancers--network_interfaces"></a>
### Nested Schema for `load_balancers.network_interfaces`

Read-Only:

- `network` (String) ID of the VPC network for the interface.
- `subnet` (String) ID of the subnet for the interface.
