---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "crusoe_compute_instance_group Resource - terraform-provider-crusoe"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  This feature is currently in development. Reach out to support@crusoecloud.com with any questions.
  Manages a Crusoe compute instance group resource.
---

# crusoe_compute_instance_group (Resource)

This feature is currently in development. Reach out to support@crusoecloud.com with any questions.

Manages a Crusoe compute instance group resource.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `desired_count` (Number) The desired number of VMs for the instance group.
- `instance_template_id` (String) The ID of the instance template used for creating instances in this group.
- `name` (String) The name of the instance group.

### Optional

- `project_id` (String) The ID of the project this instance group belongs to. If not specified, the project ID will be inferred from the Crusoe configuration.

### Read-Only

- `active_instance_ids` (List of String) A list of IDs of running instances in the instance group.
- `created_at` (String) The timestamp when the instance group was created.
- `id` (String) The unique identifier of the instance group.
- `inactive_instance_ids` (List of String) A list of IDs of non-running instances in the instance group.
- `running_instance_count` (Number) The number of running instances currently in the instance group.
- `state` (String) The current state of the instance group. Possible values: `HEALTHY` (matches desired count), `UPDATING` (scaling in progress), `UNHEALTHY` (cannot reach desired count).
- `updated_at` (String) The timestamp when the instance group was most recently updated.
