---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "crusoe_compute_instance Resource - terraform-provider-crusoe"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# crusoe_compute_instance (Resource)



## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "crusoe_vpc_network" "example" {
  name = "my-vpc-network"
  cidr = "10.0.0.0/8"
}

resource "crusoe_vpc_subnet" "example" {
  name     = "my-vpc-subnet"
  cidr     = "10.0.0.0/16"
  location = "us-east1-a"
  network  = crusoe_vpc_network.example.id
}

resource "crusoe_storage_disk" "example" {
  name     = "my-data-disk"
  size     = "100GiB"
  location = "us-east1-a"
}

resource "crusoe_compute_instance" "example" {
  name     = "my-vm"
  type     = "a100-80gb.1x"
  image    = "ubuntu22.04:latest"
  location = "us-east1-a"

  disks = [
    {
      id              = crusoe_storage_disk.example.id
      mode            = "read-only"
      attachment_type = "data"
    }
  ]

  network_interfaces = [
    {
      subnet = crusoe_vpc_subnet.example.id
    }
  ]

  ssh_key = file("~/.ssh/id_ed25519.pub")
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) Name of the VM.
- `ssh_key` (String) SSH public key to grant access to the new VM.
- `type` (String) Product name of the VM type.

### Optional

- `custom_image` (String) ID of a custom image to use for the new VM. Either `image` or `custom_image` should be supplied, not both.
- `disks` (Attributes Set) Disks attached to the VM. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--disks))
- `host_channel_adapters` (Attributes List) Host channel adapters attached to the VM. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--host_channel_adapters))
- `image` (String) Name of the OS image to use for the new VM. Either `image` or `custom_image` should be supplied, not both.
- `install_crusoe_watch_agent` (Boolean) Whether to install the Crusoe Watch Agent on the VM. Defaults to true.
- `location` (String) Location the VM runs in.
- `network_interfaces` (Attributes List) Network interfaces attached to the VM. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--network_interfaces))
- `nvlink_domain_id` (String) ID of the NVLink domain the VM belongs to, if any.
- `project_id` (String) ID of the project that owns the VM. If not specified, the project ID will be inferred from the Crusoe configuration.
- `reservation_id` (String, Deprecated) ID of the reservation to which the VM belongs. If not provided or null, the lowest-cost reservation will be used by default. To opt out of using a reservation, set this to an empty string.
- `shutdown_script` (String) Script to run when the VM shuts down.
- `startup_script` (String) Script to run when the VM starts.

### Read-Only

- `external_dns_name` (String) External DNS name of the network interface.
- `fqdn` (String, Deprecated)
- `id` (String) ID of the VM.
- `internal_dns_name` (String)

<a id="nestedatt--disks"></a>
### Nested Schema for `disks`

Required:

- `attachment_type` (String) Role the disk plays for the VM. Possible values: `os`, `data`.
- `id` (String) ID of the disk to attach.
- `mode` (String) Access mode to attach the disk with. Possible values: `read-only`, `read-write`.


<a id="nestedatt--host_channel_adapters"></a>
### Nested Schema for `host_channel_adapters`

Optional:

- `ib_partition_id` (String) Infiniband Partition ID.


<a id="nestedatt--network_interfaces"></a>
### Nested Schema for `network_interfaces`

Optional:

- `public_ipv4` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--network_interfaces--public_ipv4))
- `subnet` (String) ID of the VPC subnet the interface is attached to.

Read-Only:

- `id` (String) ID of the network interface.
- `interface_type` (String) Type of the network interface.
- `name` (String) Name of the network interface.
- `network` (String) ID of the VPC network the interface is attached to.
- `private_ipv4` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--network_interfaces--private_ipv4))

<a id="nestedatt--network_interfaces--public_ipv4"></a>
### Nested Schema for `network_interfaces.public_ipv4`

Optional:

- `type` (String) Allocation type of the public IPv4 address (for example, `dynamic`).

Read-Only:

- `address` (String) Public IPv4 address.
- `id` (String) ID of the public IPv4 address.


<a id="nestedatt--network_interfaces--private_ipv4"></a>
### Nested Schema for `network_interfaces.private_ipv4`

Read-Only:

- `address` (String) Private IPv4 address.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
# Resources are imported by their ID. To target a specific project, append the
# project ID using the format "<id>,<project_id>".
terraform import crusoe_compute_instance.example <vm_id>
```
