---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "crusoe_instance_template Resource - terraform-provider-crusoe"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# crusoe_instance_template (Resource)



## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "crusoe_vpc_network" "example" {
  name = "my-vpc-network"
  cidr = "10.0.0.0/8"
}

resource "crusoe_vpc_subnet" "example" {
  name     = "my-vpc-subnet"
  cidr     = "10.0.0.0/16"
  location = "us-east1-a"
  network  = crusoe_vpc_network.example.id
}

resource "crusoe_instance_template" "example" {
  name     = "my-instance-template"
  type     = "a100-80gb.1x"
  image    = "ubuntu22.04:latest"
  location = "us-east1-a"

  disks = [
    {
      size = "10GiB"
      type = "persistent-ssd"
    }
  ]

  subnet           = crusoe_vpc_subnet.example.id
  ssh_key          = file("~/.ssh/id_ed25519.pub")
  placement_policy = "spread"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) Name of the instance template. (This is not the name of the VMs created from this instance template.)
- `ssh_key` (String) SSH public key to use for all VMs created from this instance template.
- `subnet` (String) SubnetID to use for all VMs created from this instance template. Only used if template has a location.
- `type` (String) Product name of the VM type we want to create from this instance template.

### Optional

- `disks` (Attributes Set) Disks attached to all VMs created from this instance template. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--disks))
- `ib_partition` (String)
- `image` (String) OS Image to use for all VMs created from this instance template.
- `location` (String) Location to use for all VMs created from this instance template. May be empty if we do not want to bind this template to a location.
- `nvlink_domain_id` (String) NVLink domain assigned to all VMs created from this instance template.
- `placement_policy` (String) Placement policy controlling how VMs created from this instance template are distributed across hosts. Possible values: `spread`, `unspecified`.
- `project_id` (String) ID of the project this instance template belongs to. If not specified, the project ID will be inferred from the Crusoe configuration.
- `public_ip_address_type` (String) Public IP address type to use for all VMs created from this instance template. Must either be `static` or `dynamic`.
- `reservation_id` (String) (Deprecated) ID of the reservation to which the VM belongs. If not provided or null, the lowest-cost reservation will be used by default. To opt out of using a reservation, set this to an empty string.
- `shutdown_script` (String) Shutdown script to use for all VMs created from this instance template.
- `startup_script` (String) Startup script to use for all VMs created from this instance template.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) ID of the instance template.

<a id="nestedatt--disks"></a>
### Nested Schema for `disks`

Required:

- `size` (String) Size of the disk, including a unit suffix.
- `type` (String) Type of disk to create. Possible values: `persistent-ssd`, `shared-volume`.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
# Resources are imported by their ID. To target a specific project, append the
# project ID using the format "<id>,<project_id>".
terraform import crusoe_instance_template.example <instance_template_id>
```
