---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "crusoe_kubernetes_cluster Resource - terraform-provider-crusoe"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# crusoe_kubernetes_cluster (Resource)



## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "crusoe_vpc_network" "example" {
  name = "my-vpc-network"
  cidr = "10.0.0.0/8"
}

resource "crusoe_vpc_subnet" "example" {
  name     = "my-vpc-subnet"
  cidr     = "10.0.0.0/16"
  location = "us-east1-a"
  network  = crusoe_vpc_network.example.id
}

resource "crusoe_kubernetes_cluster" "example" {
  name      = "my-cluster"
  version   = "1.31.7-cmk.7"
  location  = "us-east1-a"
  subnet_id = crusoe_vpc_subnet.example.id
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `location` (String) Location of the Kubernetes cluster.
- `name` (String) Name of the Kubernetes cluster.
- `version` (String) Version of the Crusoe Kubernetes image the cluster runs.

### Optional

- `add_ons` (List of String) Add-ons associated with the cluster.
- `apiserver_extra_args` (Map of String) Extra arguments passed to the kube-apiserver control plane component. Changes take effect after a cluster rotation. To clear args, use the Crusoe CLI.
- `cluster_cidr` (String) Range of IP addresses allocated to pods scheduled on worker nodes, in CIDR notation.
- `controller_manager_extra_args` (Map of String) Extra arguments passed to the kube-controller-manager control plane component. Changes take effect after a cluster rotation. To clear args, use the Crusoe CLI.
- `node_cidr_mask_size` (Number) Mask size for the cluster CIDR.
- `oidc_ca_cert` (String) PEM-encoded certificate authority certificate used to validate the OIDC server's certificate.
- `oidc_client_id` (String) Client ID for the OpenID Connect client.
- `oidc_groups_claim` (String) Claim used to identify the user's groups.
- `oidc_issuer_url` (String) URL of the OpenID Connect issuer.
- `oidc_username_claim` (String) Claim used to identify the user. Defaults to `sub`.
- `oidc_username_prefix` (String) Prefix added before the username to avoid name conflicts.
- `private` (Boolean) Whether the cluster is private (without a public IP).
- `project_id` (String) ID of the project that owns the Kubernetes cluster. If not specified, the project ID will be inferred from the Crusoe configuration.
- `scheduler_extra_args` (Map of String) Extra arguments passed to the kube-scheduler control plane component. Changes take effect after a cluster rotation. To clear args, use the Crusoe CLI.
- `service_cluster_ip_range` (String) Range of IP addresses allocated to Kubernetes services, in CIDR notation.
- `subnet_id` (String) ID of the subnet the Kubernetes cluster belongs to.

### Read-Only

- `dns_name` (String) DNS name of the cluster.
- `id` (String) ID of the Kubernetes cluster.
- `nodepool_ids` (List of String) IDs of the node pools within the Kubernetes cluster.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
# Resources are imported by their ID. To target a specific project, append the
# project ID using the format "<id>,<project_id>".
terraform import crusoe_kubernetes_cluster.example <cluster_id>
```
